# Metawarstwy Framework Exercises

Welcome to the first module of Mistrz.ai course! We get to know the Metawarstwy Framework. 
This repository contains a few folders with exercises which are simple examples of use cases of Przemek Jóźwiakowski's proprietary framework - Metawarstwy.

## About the Metawarstwy Framework

- **Metawarstwy** is a mental framework.
- It is open source.
- It is designed to organize prompts effectively.
- It helps in creating prompts according to specific guidelines.
- It assists in building a clear picture of reality.

## Problem Statement

We will look into several problems to solve:
- Exercise_1: Complete the SCSS file by replacing the handwritten color and font values with variables from the variables.scss file.
- Exercise_2: We're helping an aspiring student become a Junior React Developer! 
- Exercise_3 and the Chellange: The problem we want to solve is the lack of understanding by the technical team of tasks written by a non-technical client in Jira.
- Exercise_4: Based on a loosely guided conversation with client, get a set of contact information including: name, occupation, email, what problem (s)he is facing, why (s)he is contacting you.

## Solution

The solutions can be delivered in various formats. We will work with both: simple .scss file and plain text as well as with JSON objects with a precisely defined structure.

## Folder Structure

Folders contains files with excercise description, prompt body and sample answers by gpt.

## Usage

To use the Metawarstwy Framework and solve the problem, follow these steps:

1. Log in to the [OpenAI Playground](https://platform.openai.com/playground).

2. Set the following parameters:
   - **Model:** gpt-3.5-turbo-16k
   - **Temperature:** 0.7
   - **Maximum Length:** 4000

3. The prompt for using the framework is provided in the `prompt_body.md` file, which contains two main sections: 'System' and 'User'. Place these sections in their respective dedicated places within the OpenAI Playground.

4. Submit your settings and play with the results generated by the Metawarstwy Framework.

Feel free to adjust the parameters and prompts as needed for your specific use case. Happy experimenting with the framework!

**Pro Tip:** If you're using Visual Studio Code, you can use the "Open Preview" option to view styled Markdown files. The 'prompl_body.md' in 'Challenge...' directory is nicely coloured 😁
